Clarified AutoOps local data review section (#4823)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/autoops/ec-autoops-faq.md

    :::

$$$data-viewing-config$$$**Can I view the data gathered by {{agent}}?**
:   Yes. AutoOps {{agent}} comes bundled with the `autoops_es_debug.yml` configuration file, which you can use to view a sample of the data gathered from your cluster that would be sent to Elastic Cloud.

    Complete the following steps to view a sample of this data locally:

    1. Follow the steps to [connect to AutoOps](cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md) until you reach the [Install agent](cc-connect-self-managed-to-autoops.md#install-agent) step.

>     2. In the **Install agent** step, edit the installation command to replace `autoops_es.yml` with `autoops_es_debug.yml` as shown in the following code block. The chosen installation method in this example is Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. In the **Install agent** step, edit the installation command to replace `autoops_es.yml` with `autoops_es_debug.yml` as shown in the following code block:
```

    ```json
        --restart on-failure --name autoops-otel-agent
        docker.elastic.co/elastic-agent/elastic-otel-collector-wolfi:9.2.4
        --config otel_samples/autoops_es_debug.yml \
    ```
    3. Run the command to start the container

>     4. The sample data will be output to the containers standard out as json. You can use `docker logs autoops-otel-agent` to view the output and i.e. pipe it to `jq` for prettier formatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. The data sample will be downloaded to the container's standard output as a JSON file. To view the output, run the following command:
    ```json
    docker logs autoops-otel-agent
    ```
```

Reviewer 2: @jakommo I suggest we keep this as is for now, if we get other feedback that require us to provide a better way to view the metrics we'll reconsider. But I want to get this update out.
